Pods/Target Support Files/Pods-SingleSignUp/Pods-SingleSignUp-acknowledgements.markdown, before:

# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## AWSCognito

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSCognitoIdentityProvider

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSCore

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 

Generated by CocoaPods - https://cocoapods.org

Commit message:

core: base code to start working

Pods/Target Support Files/Pods-SingleSignUp/Pods-SingleSignUp-acknowledgements.markdown, after:

# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## AWSAuthCore

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSAuthUI

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSCognitoIdentityProvider

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSCore

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 


## AWSUserPoolsSignIn

The AWS Mobile SDK for iOS is generally licensed under the Apache 2.0 License, with the Amazon Cognito Identity Provider and Amazon Cognito Sync subcomponents being licensed under the Amazon Software License and the AWSLex/Bluefront folder under the AWS Customer Agreement (https://aws.amazon.com/agreement/ ). 

Generated by CocoaPods - https://cocoapods.org
